Add info about time sync (#847)
minio/docs: source/operations/install-deploy-manage/deploy-minio-multi-node-multi-drive.rst

   For deployments that *require* using network-attached storage, use
   NFSv4 for best results.

Time Synchronization
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

> Multi-node systems must maintain synchronized time and date, as reads and writes happen across nodes.

Reviewer: I would make this a little more generic

```suggestion
Multi-node systems must maintain synchronized time and date to maintain stable internode operations and interactions."
```

IIRC there are non-read/write ops that could be affected by clock skew, such as TLS connections.

Author: Done.

Make sure all nodes sync to the same time server regularly.
Operating systems vary for methods used to synchronize time and date, such as with ``ntp``, ``timedatectl``, or ``timesyncd``.

> Check the documentation for your operating system for how to set up and maintain accurate time syncs across your nodes.

Reviewer 2: Was this intended to be `syncs`? I'm not sure.

Author: I like that suggestion.
